Add doc page about identities use cases (#1117)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-azure: docs/book/src/topics/identities-use-cases.md

## How to use Identities with CAPZ

> ## CAPZ controller: 

Reviewer: Not saying we should do this in this PR, but we should probably get as granular as the specific Azure Resource Manager rights that are required, at a minimum what role is required. A role is composed of rights and there's a bunch predefined like `contributor`. Roles and rights are also scoped by subscription, group, etc.

Eventually, I think it would be best to define our own custom roles and specific scopes to ensure that we are using the least privilege possible for each role while be as clear as possible about those rights and scopes.

Example would be:

**CAPZ controller:**
- Scope: Subscription
- Role: Contributor
  - Rights: see default Azure Subscription Contributor documentation
- Reasoning: the controller is responsible for creating resource groups and cluster resources within the group. To create a resource group within a subscription, one must have subscription contributor rights. Note, this role's scope can be reduced to Resource Group Contributor if all resource groups are created prior to cluster creation.

WDYT?

Author: oh yeah, that is a good addition, let me try to do that

Author: updated

## How to use Identities with CAPZ

## CAPZ controller: 
This is the identity used by the management cluster to provision infrastructure in Azure
 - Env config

>    - Service Principal: A service principal is an identity in AAD which is described by a TenantID, ClientID, and ClientSecret. The set of these three values will enable the holder to exchange the values for a JWT token to communicate with Azure. The values are normally stored in a file or environment variables.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - Service Principal: A [service principal](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/app-objects-and-service-principals) is an identity in AAD which is described by a TenantID, ClientID, and ClientSecret. The set of these three values will enable the holder to exchange the values for a JWT token to communicate with Azure. The values are normally stored in a file or environment variables.
```

   - Configuration:
      - Scope: Subscription
      - Role: `Contributor` since the controller is responsible for creating resource groups and cluster resources within the group. To create a resource group within a subscription, one must have subscription contributor rights. Note, this role's scope can be reduced to Resource Group Contributor if all resource groups are created prior to cluster creation.
      - If the workload clusters are going to use system-assigned managed identities, then the role here should be `Owner` to be able to create role assignments for system-assigned managed identity.

> More details in [Azure built-in roles](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/role-based-access-control/built-in-roles) doc 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
More details in [Azure built-in roles documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/role-based-access-control/built-in-roles). 
```

 - Multi-tenant config

>    - [AAD Pod Identity](https://azure.github.io/aad-pod-identity/) using Service Principals and Managed Identities: The identity used by the workload cluster running on Azure is the same Service Principal used by the management cluster unless a different identity is added to the Azure Cluster Resource and in that case, this new identity will be used when creating Azure resources related to that cluster. See [Multi-tenancy](multitenancy.md) page for details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - [AAD Pod Identity](https://azure.github.io/aad-pod-identity/) using Service Principals and Managed Identities: by default, the identity used by the workload cluster running on Azure is the same Service Principal assigned to the management cluster. If an identity is specified on the Azure Cluster Resource, that identity will be used when creating Azure resources related to that cluster. See [Multi-tenancy](multitenancy.md) page for details.
```
